 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.11.2 (2023-09-15)
***************************

* resolve PDF build error
* Add release note note to CHANGELOG.rst

Bug Fixes
=========

resolve PDF build error
-----------------------

Build success with pdf build automatically completing and produces a PDF.
Resolved so PDF and html builds BOTH return zero, which equates to
error free.

::

  modified: geoips_plugin_example/plugins/modules/algorithms/single_channel_test.py
  modified: geoips_plugin_example/plugins/modules/colormappers/visir/Infared_Test.py

Documentation Updates
=====================

Add release note note to CHANGELOG.rst
--------------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#345: 2023-09-15, add update_this_release_note file*

Note in CHANGELOG.rst that you can either modify CHANGELOG.rst,
or update the release note found in geoips/update_this_release_note
directly.

::

  CHANGELOG.rst
