.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.11.1 (2023-08-17)
***************************

* Replace recenter_tc with geoips_plugin_example in test_all.sh string
* Update test filename formatter to include "region" level for sector metadata

Bug fixes
=========

Replace recenter_tc with geoips_plugin_example in test_all.sh string
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Typo.

::

  modified: tests/test_all.sh

Update test filename formatter to include "region" level for sector metadata
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Added "region" level to sector metadata to better group continent-country-area,
subarea-state-city.  Support in test_fname.py.

::
  modified: geoips_plugin_example/plugins/modules/filename_formatters/test_fname.py

