.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.11.0 (2023-08-04)
***************************

* Updates supporting geoips build_docs and ghpages deploy scripts
* Removing non-functional fortran test code
* Update test_all.sh call to set/use repopath and pkgname variables.

Bug fixes
=========

Removing non-functional fortran test code
-----------------------------------------

Since the switch to pyproject.toml from setup.py, the fortran build has been
non-functional.  Removing until we determine the optimal path forward for the
fortran build process from pyproject.toml.

::

  deleted: geoips_plugin_example/plugins/modules/algorithms/default_algorithm.py
  deleted: geoips_plugin_example/srclib/__init__.py
  deleted: geoips_plugin_example/srclib/constants.py
  deleted: src/__init__.py
  deleted: src/constants.f90
  deleted: tests/test_algorithm.py

Testing Updates
===============

Update test_all.sh call to set/use repopath and pkgname variables.
------------------------------------------------------------------

By default now, set repopath and pkgname variables in test_all.sh, and use those
when calling test_all_pre.sh, check_code.sh, and build_docs.sh.

This is to support build_docs.sh requirement to pass BOTH repopath and pkgname
(rather than implicitly determining pkgname from repopath).

::

  modified: tests/test_all.sh

Documentation Updates
=====================

Updates supporting geoips build_docs and ghpages deploy scripts
---------------------------------------------------------------

* Add required RST files for building documentation from geoips build_docs script.
* Correct RST formatting in docstrings to allow sphinx build
* Support the geoips deploy_pages script to deploy the sphinx html docs to GitHub
  pages for each plugin repository.
* Update test_all.sh to include build_docs.sh call.

::

    modified: .gitignore
    modified: tests/test_all.sh
    deleted: docs/layout.html
    deleted: docs/style.css
    added: docs/source/geoips_plugin_example_api/index.rst
    added: docs/source/introduction/index.rst
    added: docs/source/userguide/index.rst
    modified: geoips_plugin_example/default_algorithm.py
    modified: geoips_plugin_example/plugins/yaml/products/abi.yaml
    added: geoips_plugin_example/srclib/__init__.py
    added: geoips_plugin_example/srclib/constants.py

