 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.8.0 (2023-03-13)
**************************

Bug Fixes
=========

Update call signature for "standard" family filename formats.
-------------------------------------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#188: 2023-03-07, github.com merge, plugin interface updates*

"coverage" must be a keyword argument for "standard" family filename formats, not
a positional parameter.  Update accordingly.

::

    geoips_plugin_example/interface_modules/filename_formats/test_fname.py

Code Formatting and Style Updates
=================================

Apply black defaults to Python files
------------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#126: 2023-03-07, apply black defaults*

::

    modified: geoips_plugin_example/default_algorithm.py
    modified: geoips_plugin_example/interface_modules/algorithms/single_channel_test.py
    modified: geoips_plugin_example/interface_modules/filename_formats/test_fname.py
    modified: geoips_plugin_example/interface_modules/interpolation/pyresample_wrappers/interp_gauss_test.py
    modified: geoips_plugin_example/interface_modules/output_formats/imagery_test.py
    modified: geoips_plugin_example/interface_modules/user_colormaps/visir/Infrared_Test.py
    modified: setup.py
    modified: tests/test_algorithm.py

Installation Updates
====================

Use setuptools_scm for versioning
---------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#192: 2023-03-07, Update version process*

Replace VERSION file based versioning with setuptools_scm git tag based versioning.

::

    modified: setup.py
    modified: geoips_plugin_example/__init__.py
    removed: VERSION

Documentation Updates
=====================

Replace CHANGELOG.md with rst
-----------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#172: 2023-02-10, replace CHANGELOG.md with CHANGELOG.rst*

* Created new CHANGELOG.rst that follows new formatting requirements.
* Moved CHANGELOG.md to docs/source/releases for now - may rearrange into
  separate release notes in the future if desired.

::

    new file: CHANGELOG.rst
    renamed: CHANGELOG.md -> docs/source/releases/CHANGELOG.md

Release Updates
===============

Add 1.8.0 release note
----------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#188: 2023-03-13, version update*

::

    modified: CHANGELOG.rst
    new file: docs/source/releases/v1_8_0.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
