docs/source/introduction/description_geoips_plugin_example.rst, before:

.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

************************************
Description of GeoIPS Plugin Example
************************************

GeoIPS Overview
===============

Please see GeoIPS Documentation Overview for high level information on the
plugin infrastructure.

GeoIPS Plugin Example Repository
================================

This repository provides a working example of GeoIPS plugin functionality.

It includes the following examples of Python plugins:

* filename_formatters

  * test_fname: identical to "geoips_fname" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "test_fname"
* output_formatters

  * imagery_test: identical to "imagery_clean" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "imagery_test"
* algorithms

  * single_channel_test: identical to "single_channel" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "single_channel_test"
* interpolators

  * interp_gauss_test: identical to "interp_gauss" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "interp_gauss_test"
* colormaps

  * Infrared_Test: identical to "Infrared" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "Infrared_Test"

It includes the following examples of YAML product parameter plugins:

* geoips_plugin_example/plugins/yaml/products/abi.yaml

  * Infrared-Test product using variables B14BT
  * Functionality included in geoips_plugin_example abi.yaml product input is
    appended to functionality in all other repos
* geoips_plugin_example/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/visir/Infrared-Test.yaml

  * Infrared-Test product parameters identical to Infrared product parameters
    in geoips repository
  * Infrared-Test product accessible via the "Infrared-Test" product name
    either command line or within a YAML output configuration file.

Creating your own plugin repository
===================================

This geoips_plugin_example can be used as a reference for how different aspects
of the geoips plugin infrastructure can be implemented.  There are separate
"template" plugin package repositories that can be used to actually
create a new plugin package from scratch.  Please see GeoIPS documentation
for additional information on plugin development and template repositories.

Commit message:

v1.14.0 geoips_plugin_example - VERSION RELEASE - CI sync (#13)
* 1.14.1 release NRLMMD-GEOIPS/geoips#740

* GEOIPS_TOKEN->GITHUB_TOKEN

* Delete .github/workflows/brassy-notes.yaml

docs/source/introduction/description_geoips_plugin_example.rst, after:

.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # This source code is protected under the license referenced at
 | # # # https://github.com/NRLMMD-GEOIPS.

************************************
Description of GeoIPS Plugin Example
************************************

GeoIPS Overview
===============

Please see GeoIPS Documentation Overview for high level information on the
plugin infrastructure.

GeoIPS Plugin Example Repository
================================

This repository provides a working example of GeoIPS plugin functionality.

It includes the following examples of Python plugins:

* filename_formatters

  * test_fname: identical to "geoips_fname" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "test_fname"
* output_formatters

  * imagery_test: identical to "imagery_clean" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "imagery_test"
* algorithms

  * single_channel_test: identical to "single_channel" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "single_channel_test"
* interpolators

  * interp_gauss_test: identical to "interp_gauss" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "interp_gauss_test"
* colormaps

  * Infrared_Test: identical to "Infrared" in geoips repository,
    but renamed "Infrared_Test"

It includes the following examples of YAML product parameter plugins:

* geoips_plugin_example/plugins/yaml/products/abi.yaml

  * Infrared-Test product using variables B14BT
  * Functionality included in geoips_plugin_example abi.yaml product input is
    appended to functionality in all other repos
* geoips_plugin_example/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/visir/Infrared-Test.yaml

  * Infrared-Test product parameters identical to Infrared product parameters
    in geoips repository
  * Infrared-Test product accessible via the "Infrared-Test" product name
    either command line or within a YAML output configuration file.

Creating your own plugin repository
===================================

This geoips_plugin_example can be used as a reference for how different aspects
of the geoips plugin infrastructure can be implemented.  There are separate
"template" plugin package repositories that can be used to actually
create a new plugin package from scratch.  Please see GeoIPS documentation
for additional information on plugin development and template repositories.
